hey guys relapse Joker here come in at
you with the top five modern warfare two
plays for a pc media this is week number
ten if you guys haven't already
subscribed to the channel it's baller
status so coming in at number five we
got this dude named Jose killer you know
school name and he's gonna completely
make everyone watching this video dizzy
in about three seconds yeah that was
like a 1440 1080 somewhere in between I
don't know you guys tell me that was
just way too many spins for my book
people nowadays and then 10 80s and
whatnot coming at number four we got X
to Z and this man with the noob tube
he's just gonna you know say I got this
for and what noob to get the airdrop
plus 2000 beautiful beautiful salute him
number three exploits demon X is his
name and he's going to show you guys a
little bit of accuracy with this
intervention he's gonna pick up one kill
I don't know how he saw this he just
sees them get some two kills I'm gonna
reload nope three kills alright screw it
let's get one more let's make it four
you know it's nothing for this guy
beautiful beautiful club number two we
got some dude named pixel Z and don't
worry the clip does get better in due
time I mean he started off pretty nice
gets a no scope head shot and then he's
gonna you know he's gonna look around
where is everybody where is everybody
gonna get a hard scope and another hard
scope I got the predator missile it's
called in what's the worst that could
happen what I get maybe one kill I don't
get any kills he's like now I'm 2g for
that let's get a four-in-one yeah porn
one predator missile I've only done that
like twice
balls number one though we have crystal
ninth or an 816 sorry for pronounce the
role demonstrating the beauty of a back
draft and he's going to shoot up to noob
tubes pretty much just rape sit right
here shits up the down syndrome baby
noobtube gets five in one and then you
know you could say action when you got
six kills pretty much in like three
seconds I wish I could do that all right
guys this is week 10 I hope you guys
enjoyed it rate comment the video tell
me what you think subscribe enjoy your
day